Individuals are progressively utilizing online life stages, for example, Twitter and Facebook, to impart their musings and insights with their contacts. With the ongoing ascent of online life, stages, for example, Twitter and Facebook have turned out to be well known mediums through which individuals regularly share individual and real to life musings, giving depictions of a person's everyday life. In this way, it may be conceivable that the substance on these stages may contain unobtrusive signs on the prosperity of their clients. Postings on these locales are made in a naturalistic setting and over the span of day by day exercises and happenings. 

All things considered, internet based life gives a way to catching conduct ascribes that are applicable to a person's reasoning, state of mind, correspondence, exercises, and socialization. The feeling and dialect utilized in internet based life postings may show sentiments of uselessness, blame, vulnerability, and self-loathing that describe real misery. Also, misery sufferers regularly pull back from social circumstances and exercises. Such changes in movement may be notable with changes in action via web-based networking media. Additionally, online networking may reflect changing social ties. We seek after the theory that adjustments in dialect, movement, and social ties might be utilized together to build measurable models to identify and even anticipate Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in a fine-grained way, including ways that can supplement and stretch out conventional ways to deal with determination.

How to find out if someone is suffering from mental illness?
The individuals suffering from mental illness shows these 5 signs: 

1. A Change in Personality. In the event that somebody is acting like an altogether different individual, or not acting or feeling like themselves.
2. Unique Anxiety, Anger, or Moodiness. Serious changes in feeling are a reason to get excited, particularly in the event that they are tenacious. 
3. Social Withdrawal and Isolation. In the event that an individual is "cutting off" socially, dropping social commitment, or investing a lot of energy alone, this is a genuine cautioning indication of enthusiastic or emotional well-being issues. 
4. Absence of Self-Care or Risky Behaviors. People with emotional wellness issues regularly lose worry over their own wellbeing and prosperity, taking part in hazardous practices like drinking and medication use. Likewise, an absence of cleanliness, or absence of worry with appearance, might be characteristic of an emotional well-being issue. 
5. A Sense of Hopelessness or Feeling Overwhelmed. Psychological wellness troubles regularly cause individuals to surrender – to feel like life is simply excessively hard, or that they will never feel "ordinary" again. 
All of these signs reflecting in person’s personality will somehow make a way out on their social media handles, and that becomes our site to locate the victims of this heinous epidemic.
